hello today there is my passion
favorites and we start with the
It's thank God in july
finally got warm and I have
that's why I really love it very much
I wear simple outfits
actually always and mine
beloved blouses with two front pockets
turn on and just usually print
because it's just nice and airy and me
I have different blouses
most of them are a bit like that
thinner from the fabric or even a bit
transparent and that is just where
it is a bit warmer as well as beautiful
because you were not ten yet
drunter is supposed to just like that
can wear and my newest
Achievement is more accurate from h & m
be from the trent departments which sees
that's how you think I see it
Can I just stop my hand in the
blouse can be seen very well that is
very nice
which is totally silky fabric from the bit
transparent has in itself such a
forest green darker color so on
a little blue in there which I still have
not in my wardrobe
As I said two bags full of it
here too this military inspired
But let's not about the further
attract attention and long sleeve but I
actually as her crumpler as on the
sleeve
and that's not too long too
short is so easy on npo behind
front is a bit shorter I think
very perfect because you can do it
Wear it with a pair of trousers but you can
even if you like the poles hide
want a leggings or whatever
wear the look does not look out there if you
I would like to cover them up
I like to have them relatively up to date
and I have worn this
leather skirt I have my love back
found in korea and then got up
the search made because I have this
basic skirts worn by skin after
a stronger variant from 1
well fake leather skirt found me
but somehow not really good
has been sitting and since then I'm here
I also have a video
shown
that's from nick clegg you have to
I also wear it today
really no one else because he
somehow right length has for mine
size and he also has two front pockets
What I like very much is that one
Gummizug means that you can in the
waist or in the hip
he is very very fat that is
I have it incredible even in winter
he likes to wear it but he is also in summer
now a little too fat but also too
not too thin that you can see anything
what you should not see
So I am very satisfied and me
I also like the combination in total
worn in the evening to go away with
higher shoes or during the day
easy with ballerinas and a bit
worn more casual I like the
I can relate to both films
I do not really remember that
just know that we have seen lincoln
and I was very tired she is I believe
partly solved a bit away
at least not really asleep
but as he still speaks to me in English
looked and I found it partly very
hard to listen to the language of course
also a little older is yes
but at the time then
not the shocker somehow me
he thinks he has some oscars
so the actors were
all great and it was mega star
occupation but so of the stories is yes
still not somehow
geographic documentary but
actually a Hollywood movie, therefore
I have a little more story more
action if you can say that
expected and was there a bit
disappointed I was not disappointed
from this jam and that is
a homemade jam the
I intend to
I think the year before that time
and I love you about everything and everything
I am so glad to have her again
within two days again
the half out and that is
homemade jam
espresso and chocolate that 's about
the tastiest chocolate epr and me
I have to give the recipe someday
leave so I make myself once
Maybe then I can also video
But this is what I do about it
really have nothing else in the morning
eaten as dark bread and this
Jam on it and that's really it
best and this also totally me and
we continue with delicious things
and I have my own
favorite book snack / lunch
made or just eat like that and
Although bohli came and that would like here
I do not stick to it anymore
rhein ruhr karola with spelled wholegrain bread
I do the burka mole with normal
with a little bit salt of yogurt
sometimes Munich has tomatoes garlic
freshly squeezed lemon juice yummy
There is nothing better and either open
smeared bread or I do that now
in this case, I also like very much
like the tortilla chips without anything though
There is nothing else in salt but what
I do not think it's these
skis or paprika or whatever
yes, I have formal too
endowed boss to do it yourself if you
a good recipe knows because somehow
The recipes are always ready
wheat totti as and shoves it in oven
and that is not healthy for me now
alternative so if you are there somehow
have written a recipe very much like
in the info box or a link or something
that you want the Rheinpark because I want
be sure to do something like that
guacamole could eat it every day and
then we will stop to eat
I have the edition 8 of the food and
of course, get a drink
scrolled right back and give me some
selected recipes I cooked for
I did that in the last video
it is told this menu plan behind
gives on the then different
recipes have been put together for
right menus and I have one
this vegetarian mediterranean menu 1
imitation of a green minister without
with young peas and savoy cabbage
a tomato eggplant pasta with
fungi and one million grand jury with
ginger is that and so delicious and I like it
the stop rather than the other eat and
Drink that still exists because that's real
Always recipes are where you are not all too
many things are always needed
local karl seasonal vegetables and
fruit varieties that somehow recycled
and it's not too many
Ingredients It is usually very convenient
does not take too long so i would
I'd like to eat the menu right away
By the way, it was amazingly delicious
me actually in this month extremely
I bought a lot of broccoli and ate it
I do not know why but somehow I have
They made every break soup out of it
made and I believe you can do it
even so green checks to the green
make smoothies in little certainly
know spinach and so but broccoli
I also love colleagues and he
just supplies so many good nutrients
very good and of course last
a very important music I saved
I landed at Frank Ocean again
I think the smi believe in Munich
been or is still improved
me and I actually wanted to go
that was exactly who was already and
But I have written clauses and
I usually get her out a lot more
like to go up and down I love
the two songs and, above all, out
i think it's such a great song cool
Song and I think there is also one
I do not know yet if this is in the video
can watch Germany that's because
always like this
with the gema even if I frank too
no chance at the beginning
I wanted to give his music
actually very much and that was it
also on the one hand fashion & fun
favorites
I think it was a shorter video me
i 'm not sure i say that
somehow anytime I lower that and
then there are still 15 minutes but
Nonetheless , I often hope so
I hope you liked it
if I like it and then up
next time